                                                    Reflection

    For my function "longest_words", there is little discrepancy between my code and the solution code save for two noticeable 
differences. The first difference is that the solution code uses a for loop to iterate the string while my code uses a while loop instead. And the second is that the solution creates a condition where the variable "longest" is equal to "None", and is only ever not equal to "None" if a word in the list "is not None" and has a character length greater than zero (in which case "longest" is equal to that word).

    My function "shortest_words" also differed only slightly from the solution code, and differed in the exact same ways that
that my function "longest_words differed from is respective solution code. This is due to the fact that my function, just like the solution functions, were exact mirrors of eachother as they produced outputs that were exact opposites (longest vs shortest string in a list).

    My function "odd_words", which takes any string with an odd number of characters in a list and makes a new list out of those 
odd numbered strings, differs in several minor ways from the solution code. Firstly, my code begins by creating and empty list called "list_of_odd_words". It then searches the input list for any strings with an odd number of characters and adds it to the formerly empty list "list_of_odd_words" via the "append()" function. The solution code accomplishes the same task, utilizing a for loop instead of a while loop (as my code does). The solution code also creates an empty list entiteld "odds", but additionally checks if the input list has more than zero items before proceding to concatenate its items to "odds". 

My function "average_words" returns a list of strings whose character count deviates from the average string character count by +/- 1 differs in some key ways form the solution code by the means through which it accomplishes its goal. The solution code begins by creating an empty list "averages". It then sums up the character count of all the strings from the input list, and divides that value by the number of strings in the list (to find the average length). It then searches the input list for any strings with a length that deviates +/- 1 from the average string length and adds them to the empty string "averages". My code utilized a function "list_avg", that I defined several lines above my function "average_words", which finds the average string length of the strings in a list. My function "average_words" creates an empty list "list_of_avg_words" and then creates a range of values from -1 to 1 named "deviation". It then looks for any strings in a list whose length differs from the average string length by a value within "deviation" and concatenates them to "list_of_avg_words". 

    My function which returns a boolean True or False output based on whether two lists share one or more strings uses boolean 
operations to evaluate the "truthiness" or "falsiness" of various situations, but in a different manner than the solution code. The solution code adheres more closely to coding convention as it utilizes only a singular return statement, while my function "intersect" uses two.  